DEVELOPER_NOTES.md, before:

# Developer Notes

## Commmit Tag Descriptions

- `feat`: New feature or enhancement
- `fix`: Bug fix or issue resolution
- `chore`: Routine tasks or maintenance
- `refactor`: Code improvements (no functionality change)
- `docs`: Documentation updates
- `style`: Code style or formatting changes
- `test`: Tests additions or modifications
- `build`: Build system or external dependencies changes
- `perf`: Performance improvements
- `ci`: Continuous integration configuration changes
- `revert`: Revert a previous commit
- `security`: Security-related changes or fixes
- `release`: Marks a release or version update

## Enabling GitHub Workflow

https://github.com/robmllze/YOUR_PROJECT_NAME/settings/actions

## Public Repo Setup

```sh
brew install gh
gh auth login
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
gh repo create YOUR_PROJECT_NAME --public
git remote add origin https://github.com/robmllze/YOUR_PROJECT_NAME.git
git push -u origin main
```

## Publishing

1. Make your changes.
1. Run `dart analyze` to check for errors.
1. Run `dart fix --apply` to apply fixes.
1. Run `dart format .` to format the code.
1. Update the version number in `pubspec.yaml`.
1. Update the version number in `CHANGELOG.md`.
1. Run `dart pub publish --dry-run` to check for errors.
1. Run `dart pub publish` to publish the package.

## macOS and Linux

### Fetching Generators

```bash
rm -rf ___generators/
git clone https://github.com/robmllze/___generators.git
dart pub get -C ___generators
```

### Adding the Workflow

```bash
rm -rf .github/
git clone https://github.com/robmllze/pub.dev_package_workflow.git .github
rm -rf .github/.git
```

### Deleting .DS_Store files

```bash
cd your/project/path
find . -name '.DS_Store' -type f -delete
```

## Windows

### Fetching Generators

```bash
rmdir /s /q ___generators/
git clone https://github.com/robmllze/___generators.git
dart pub get -C ___generators
rmdir /s /q ___generators/.git
```

### Adding the Workflow

```bash
rmdir /s /q .github/
git clone https://github.com/robmllze/pub.dev_package_workflow.git .github
rmdir /s /q .github/.git
```

Commit message:

+chore: Clean code and update dependencies

DEVELOPER_NOTES.md, after:

# Developer Notes

## Some Commin Commmit Tags

- `feat`: New feature or enhancement
- `fix`: Bug fix or issue resolution
- `chore`: Routine tasks or maintenance
- `refactor`: Code improvements (no functionality change)
- `docs`: Documentation updates
- `style`: Code style or formatting changes
- `test`: Tests additions or modifications
- `build`: Build system or external dependencies changes
- `perf`: Performance improvements
- `ci`: Continuous integration configuration changes
- `revert`: Revert a previous commit
- `security`: Security-related changes or fixes
- `release`: Marks a release or version update

## Enabling GitHub Workflow

https://github.com/robmllze/YOUR_PROJECT_NAME/settings/actions

## Changelog

If your commit message starts with `+`, the `prepare.yml` workflow will automatically format and apply fixes to the code, and add the provided commit message to `CHANGELOG.md` under the current version specified in `pubspec.yaml`.

## Public Repo Setup

```sh
brew install gh
gh auth login
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
gh repo create YOUR_PROJECT_NAME --public
git remote add origin https://github.com/robmllze/YOUR_PROJECT_NAME.git
git push -u origin main
```

## Publishing

1. Make your changes.
1. Run `dart analyze` to check for errors.
1. Run `dart fix --apply` to apply fixes.
1. Run `dart format .` to format the code.
1. Update the version number in `pubspec.yaml`.
1. Update the version number in `CHANGELOG.md`.
1. Run `dart pub publish --dry-run` to check for errors.
1. Run `dart pub publish` to publish the package.

## macOS and Linux

### Adding the Workflow

```bash
rm -rf .github/
git clone https://github.com/robmllze/pub.dev_package_workflow.git .github
rm -rf .github/.git
```

### Deleting .DS_Store files

```bash
cd your/project/path
find . -name '.DS_Store' -type f -delete
```

## Windows

### Adding the Workflow

```bash
rmdir /s /q .github/
git clone https://github.com/robmllze/pub.dev_package_workflow.git .github
rmdir /s /q .github/.git
```
